basic.search=Search
basic.scan=Scan
basic.things=Items
basic.thing=Item
basic.labels=Labels
basic.label=Label
basic.create=Create
basic.inventory=Inventory
basic.atomic_thing=Single item
basic.container=Container
basic.functional_whole=Functional whole
basic.error=Error
basic.barcodes=Barcodes
basic.barcode=Barcode


view.index.text=Simple but smart web application for management of own items. Items can be physical things stored in the basement as well as records about people or events. Model in application is flexible enough to allow capturing any type of items.

view.search.placeholder=Name, label, description, ...
view.search.button=Search!
view.search.barcode.examples=Examples
view.search.barcode_scan=Scan barcode
view.search.barcode_404=This barcode is not registered in the Inventory
view.search.barcode.found=Barcoded item has been found

view.label.create.title=Create new label
view.label.index.title=Labels
view.label.created=Label has been created
view.label.updated=Label has been updated
view.label.deleted=Label has been deleted
view.label.description=Info
view.label.things=Items
view.label.manage=Manage

view.thing.index.title=Items
view.thing.create.atomic=Create single item
view.thing.create.container=Create container
view.thing.create.functional=Create functional whole
view.thing.basic=Basic
view.thing.barcodes=Barcodes
view.thing.labels=Labels
view.thing.parts=Parts
view.thing.wholes=Wholes
view.thing.manage=Manage
view.thing.created=Item has been created
view.thing.updated=Item has been updated
view.thing.not_updated=Item has not been updated
view.thing.deleted=Item has been deleted
view.thing.no_labels=No labels has been added yet!
view.thing.no_barcodes=No barcodes has been added yet!
view.thing.barcode.removed=Barcode has been removed
view.thing.barcode.not_removed=Barcode has not been removed
view.thing.barcode.added=Barcode has been added
view.thing.barcode.not_added=Barcode has not been added
view.thing.label.not_linked=Label has not been linked
view.thing.label.linked=Label has been linked
view.thing.label.not_unlinked=Label has not been unlinked
view.thing.label.unlinked=Label has been unlinked
view.thing.part.not_added=Part has not been added
view.thing.part.added=Part has been added
view.thing.part.not_removed=Part has not been removed
view.thing.part.removed=Part has been removed

view.common.form.create=Create
view.common.form.update=Update
view.common.form.delete=Delete
view.common.form.add=Add
view.common.form.remove=Remove

view.message.close=Close
view.message.key.success=Success
view.message.key.danger=Error
view.message.key.warning=Warning

model.label.name=Name
model.label.description=Description
model.label.color=Color

model.thing.name=Name
model.thing.description=Description
model.thing.since=Since
model.thing.until=Until
model.thing.invalid.type=Invalid item type

model.barcode.standard=Standard
model.barcode.code=Code

model.relation.part=Part
model.relation.type=Type
model.relation.since=Since
model.relation.until=Until
model.relation.slot=Slot
model.containment.quantity=Count
model.component.function=Function
